com/androidsquad/myportfolio/databinding/ProjectItemBinding.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.databinding.ProjectItemBinding
com/androidsquad/myportfolio/BuildConfig.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.BuildConfig
com/androidsquad/myportfolio/Education.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.Education
com/androidsquad/myportfolio/databinding/ActivityCertificationDetailsBinding.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.databinding.ActivityCertificationDetailsBinding
com/androidsquad/myportfolio/EducationDetails.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.EducationDetails
com/androidsquad/myportfolio/databinding/ActivityMyProfileBinding.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.databinding.ActivityMyProfileBinding
com/androidsquad/myportfolio/PreferencesHelper.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.PreferencesHelper
com/androidsquad/myportfolio/ResumeActivity.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.ResumeActivity
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.ResumeActivity$1
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.ResumeActivity$2
com/androidsquad/myportfolio/Skill.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.Skill
com/androidsquad/myportfolio/databinding/ActivitySkillDetailsBinding.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.databinding.ActivitySkillDetailsBinding
com/androidsquad/myportfolio/ProjectDAO.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.ProjectDAO
com/androidsquad/myportfolio/CertificateDAO.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.CertificateDAO
com/androidsquad/myportfolio/databinding/ProjectsDialogBinding.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.databinding.ProjectsDialogBinding
com/androidsquad/myportfolio/databinding/ActivityProjectDetailsBinding.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.databinding.ActivityProjectDetailsBinding
com/androidsquad/myportfolio/Certificate.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.Certificate
com/androidsquad/myportfolio/ProjectAdapter.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.ProjectAdapter
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.ProjectAdapter$1
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.ProjectAdapter$myViewHolder
com/androidsquad/myportfolio/SkillDao.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.SkillDao
com/androidsquad/myportfolio/databinding/CertificationsDialogBinding.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.databinding.CertificationsDialogBinding
com/androidsquad/myportfolio/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/androidsquad/myportfolio/Retrieve_Education_Task.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.Retrieve_Education_Task
com/androidsquad/myportfolio/Project.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.Project
com/androidsquad/myportfolio/Nav_Header.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.Nav_Header
com/androidsquad/myportfolio/databinding/ActivityResumeBinding.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.databinding.ActivityResumeBinding
com/androidsquad/myportfolio/Retrieve_Cert_Details_Task.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.Retrieve_Cert_Details_Task
com/androidsquad/myportfolio/project_details.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.project_details
com/androidsquad/myportfolio/databinding/ActivityEducationDetailsBinding.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.databinding.ActivityEducationDetailsBinding
com/androidsquad/myportfolio/EducationAdapter.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.EducationAdapter
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.EducationAdapter$myViewHolder
com/androidsquad/myportfolio/databinding/EducationDetailItemBinding.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.databinding.EducationDetailItemBinding
com/androidsquad/myportfolio/databinding/CertificateItemBinding.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.databinding.CertificateItemBinding
com/androidsquad/myportfolio/databinding/EducationdetailsDialogBinding.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.databinding.EducationdetailsDialogBinding
com/androidsquad/myportfolio/SkillDetails.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.SkillDetails
com/androidsquad/myportfolio/RetrieveDetailsTask.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.RetrieveDetailsTask
com/androidsquad/myportfolio/AppDatabase.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.AppDatabase
com/androidsquad/myportfolio/skillsAdapter.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.skillsAdapter
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.skillsAdapter$myViewHolder
com/androidsquad/myportfolio/databinding/SkillsdialogBinding.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.databinding.SkillsdialogBinding
com/androidsquad/myportfolio/databinding/ActivityNavHeaderBinding.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.databinding.ActivityNavHeaderBinding
com/androidsquad/myportfolio/Retrieve_Skills_Task.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.Retrieve_Skills_Task
com/androidsquad/myportfolio/CertificationDetails.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.CertificationDetails
com/androidsquad/myportfolio/databinding/SkillsItemBinding.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.databinding.SkillsItemBinding
com/androidsquad/myportfolio/DAO.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.DAO
com/androidsquad/myportfolio/CertificateAdapter.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.CertificateAdapter
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.CertificateAdapter$1
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.CertificateAdapter$myViewHolder
com/androidsquad/myportfolio/MainActivity.java
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.MainActivity
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.MainActivity$1
 com.androidsquad.myportfolio.MainActivity$2
